docs: remove unrelated git instructions (#36)
NilFoundation/zkllvm-template: README.md

# Common issues

> ## Compilation Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compilation errors
```

> If you have more than one compiler installed, for example, g++ & clang++, the `cmake` might pick up the former.

Author: why so?

> If you have more than one compiler installed, for example, g++ & clang++, the `cmake` might pick up the former.

Reviewer: No article is needed for a command-line tool. Only if it's further described like the X script/utility/tool etc. Like in [the official documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html), cmake, but the cmake executable

> You can explicitly force usage of clang++ by finding the path and passing it in the variable below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can explicitly force usage of clang++ by finding the path and passing it in the variable like this:
```
